---
title: Rayne
date: 2016-07-26 12:00:00 +10:00
categories:
- gear
- rayne
permalink: "/gear/rayne"
layout: post
---
At Rayne Longboards, we’re committed to a single goal: to be the premium longboard maker, exceeding every expectation. We’re the golden standard for professionals & amateurs worldwide.

Rayne Longboards is the world’s premier longboard manufacturer. The business was founded in 2004 and is situated at the base of the beautiful North Shore mountains in an unsuspecting alley near the harbour at 167 B East 1st Street. Our products are wholly designed and manufactured in Canada based on cornerstones of Quality, Progression & Authenticity.

Quality
Rayne Longboards leads the industry in product design with consistent technological innovation and a passion to create functionally and aesthetically superior boards. Rayne works hard to exceed every expectation of our global customers.

Progression
We are obsessed with innovation. Our engineers, shapers, team, and artists work together to explore both the boundaries of longboard design and business improvement. We believe that our small world class company will continue to prosper if we pursue continuous improvement of our processes in manufacturing, engineering, and management.

Authenticity
We believe that exceptional products will create exceptional word-of-mouth advertising. All of our choices, from shapes, artwork and materials to staff and team riders, are based on building a unique prestigious brand. Our core expertise is manufacturing and product design.

Our products are wholly designed in Canada and every single Rayne deck is manufactured in our North Vancouver facility. All of our products are made based on the cornerstones of Quality, Progression & Authenticity.
