---
title: Loaded
date: 2016-07-26 12:00:00 +10:00
categories:
- gear
- loaded
permalink: "/gear/loaded"
layout: post
---

Dedicated to the growth of board sports through performance, community, and creative expression.
HERITAGE
Exploring ways of emulating snowboarding and surfing on land, Loaded began as a passion (obsession?) in the mid 90s.  We scavenged Krypto Classics, Krypto 85s, Bones Hardcore wheels, every new-fangled truck we could find, and retrofitted every piece of wood or old snowboard we came across with trucks and wheels.  The decision to start a company occurred in  September of 2000 following a series of serendipitous events. After much trial and error with all kinds of materials and production methods, we launched our first board, The Vanguard, in June 2002 to no fanfare whatsoever.  The next few years were an uphill battle and we came close to closing up shop numerous times. By 2009 a fledgling longboard industry had been established and the boarding world was starting to take notice.

We're currently focusing on strengthening the foundation of Loaded: our internal crew, our ambassadors, our approach to product development, our infrastructure and our effect on the contemporary culture of skateboarding. We believe that business is an opportunity for developing an ethical system of responsible practices and we're blessed to have Loaded as a vehicle to continue exploring and engaging our evolving passions.

Skateboarding is currently in a renaissance period of design and creativity.  We're inspired by the industry, committed to its collective success, and proud to have a role in this era..
